; This is an example of how an anime list should look like.
; As you have probably noticed already, a semi-colon (;) in the
; beggining of a line indicates a comment, and will be ignored by the
; software. A very basic syntax has been imaginated to help
; organizing titles and queries. The website used to search for titles
; is AnimeCalendar.net.
;
; (?) What exactly are these titles and queries?
; A title is what the show is called, and also what you want
; your screen to show. A query is what you want the software to
; search on the website. Queries should differ from titles somehow.
;
; (?) Why organizing titles and queries?
; There are some titles on AnimeCalendar.net that are misspelled,
; e.g., Nanatsu no Taizai. If you look for Nanatsu no Taizai, you'll
; find Nanatsu no Taiza instead. That means, searching for
; 'Nanatsu no Taizai' won't show any results.
;
; (?) How can I tell title from query?
; As said earlier, the syntax is very basic. All you have to do is
; separate a title from a query using a right arrow: ->. So,
; `Nanatsu no Taizai -> nanatsu no taiza` will search for "nanatsu no 
; taiza" and show "Nanatsu no Taizai" when found. Leading and trailing
; spaces are stripped, which means "title->query" will be treated just
; like "  title         ->      query" would be.
;
; (?) May I omit queries?
; Yes. If the query is the exact same thing as the title, then you can
; omit the query and the title will be used as the query as well,
; which means that "Isuca -> Isuca" is essentially the same thing as
; "Isuca".
;
; (!) Queries are case-insensitive. It doesn't matter if you write
; 'dog days', or 'DOG DAYS', or even 'DoG DaYS'; they will be treated
; the same way.
; Insert a question mark (?) when you don't know how to represent a
; certain character. For example, "Shinmai Maō no Testament": in this
; case, the query should (but doesn't need to) be "shinmai ma? no testament",
; without the quotes. These question marks will then be converted to
; the ".*" regex pattern. 
;
; (!) The displaying of the message will be different for Linux and
; Windows. On Linux, "notify-send" will be used to show titles airing
; in the current day; on Windows, a small .vbs script will be created,
; and the function MsgBox will be used.
; There will also be a terminal alternative for Linux, which will use
; ANSI color codes to "prettify" output.


Cross Ange
Dog Days" -> dog days
Isuca
Junketsu no Maria
Log Horizon
Nanatsu no Taizai -> nanatsu no taiza
Shinmai Maou no Testament -> shinmai ma? no testament
Seiken Tsukai no World Break
Tokyo Ghoul √A -> tokyo ghoul
Arslan Senki
